Query Basics: link to rate (#10538)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/basics.md

    sum(http_requests_total{method="GET"}) offset 5m // INVALID.

> The same works for range vectors. This returns the 5-minute [rate](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/functions/#rate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same works for range vectors. This returns the 5-minute [rate](./functions.md#rate)
```
